refactor: note emission (#7003)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/guides/smart_contracts/writing_contracts/how_to_emit_event.md

If a note recipient is one of the accounts inside the PXE, we don't need to register it as a recipient because we already have the public key available. You can register a recipient as shown [here](../how_to_deploy_contract.md)
:::

### Call emit

> To emit encrypted logs you can import the `encode_and_encrypt` or `encode_and_encrypt_with_keys` functions and pass them into the `emit` function after inserting a note. An example is seen in the token example contract transfer function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To emit encrypted logs you can import the `encode_and_encrypt` or `encode_and_encrypt_with_keys` functions and pass them into the `emit` function after inserting a note. An example can be seen in the reference token contract's transfer function:
```
